fix(docs): improve v5 migration guide (#2749)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/migrations/migrating-to-v5.md

Uncaught Error: Maximum update depth exceeded. This can happen when a component repeatedly calls setState inside componentWillUpdate or componentDidUpdate. React limits the number of nested updates to prevent infinite loops.
```

> To fix it, `useShallow` should help return a stable reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix it, use the `useShallow` hook, which will return a stable reference.
```

```js
// v5
import { useShallow } from 'zustand/shallow'

const [searchValue, setSearchValue] = useStore(
  useShallow((state) => [state.searchValue, state.setSearchValue]),
)
```

> Here's another example that may cause infinite loops.

Reviewer: I don't really understand why there is "another example," but the comment says that it's v4. Didn't you mean to say "Here's a similar example in v4 that may cause infinite loops?"

Author: I mean there are several cases that cause infinite loops.
I want to show typical two examples that are actually reported by users.

Author: Feel free to make suggestions to clarify that.
